fix(learn): rework Rosetta Code SHA256 (#41936)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/sha-256.md

# --description--

The `SHA-2` family is a stronger alternative to `SHA-1`. The main difference between them is the length of the hash.
Meaning `SHA-1` provides a shorter code with fewer possibilities for unique combinations. `SHA-2` or `SHA-256` creates a longer and thus more complex hash with more possibilities.

# --instructions--

> Research implemenation details and write a function that takes a string as the parameter and make it return a hash using `SHA-256`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Research implemenation details and write a function that takes a string as the parameter and returns a hash using `SHA-256`
```

I think we should stick with the "function... takes... returns..." syntax here. Thoughts?

Author: Seems good to me 👍
